Clarify the the source of the contig in VCF (#566)
samtools/hts-specs: VCFv4.3.tex

\subsubsection{Contig field format}
\label{sec-contig-field}
It is recommended for VCF, and required for BCF, that the header includes tags describing the contigs referred to in the file.
The structured \texttt{contig} field must include the ID attribute and can includes additional optional attributes with
the following ones reserved:
\begin{itemize}
  \item length: the length of the sequence

>   \item md5: MD5 checksum of the sequence as defined in the Sam specification v1\footnote{See Reference MD5 calculation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item md5: MD5 checksum of the sequence as defined in SAM's {\tt @SQ-M5} field\footnote{See Reference MD5 calculation
```

>       section in \href{https://github.com/samtools/hts-specs/blob/master/SAMv1.pdf}{\tt SAMv1.pdf}.} Briefly, the digest

Author: Should I use the `https` instead ?

      is calculated excluding all characters outside of the inclusive range 33 (`\char33') to 126 (`\char126')
      and all lowercase characters converted to uppercase. The MD5 digest is calculated as described in
      \href{https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1321}{\sl RFC 1321} and presented as a 32 character lowercase hexadecimal number.
  \item URL: tag to indicate where the sequence can be found
\end{itemize}

For example:
\begin{verbatim}

> ##contig=<ID=ctg1,length=81195210,URL=ftp://somewhere.org/assembly.fa,md5=f126cdf8a6e0c7f379d618ff66beb2da,...>

Reviewer: This now disappears off the edge of the page.
(Also I'd suggest taking the opportunity to change the URL to use [`example.org`](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Example.com).)

\subsubsection{Contig field format}
\label{sec-contig-field}
It is recommended for VCF, and required for BCF, that the header includes tags describing the contigs referred to in the file.

> The structured \texttt{contig} field must include the ID attribute and typically includes also sequence length, MD5 checksum of the sequence as defined in the \href{https://github.com/samtools/hts-specs/blob/master/refget.md}{Refget specification}, URL tag to indicate where the sequence can be found, etc.

Reviewer 2: Generally the direction of these changes looks good to me! I'm especially puzzled as to why examples had all the same length and hash to start with. Thanks for noticing & correcting.

I have slight concerns about linking to an external specification (Refget); nothing that can't be addressed though. In particular, I suggest:
* Explicitly specifying the version of the specification when linking (1.0.0 in this case);
* Linking to a permalink / frozen commit, not a live branch;
* Linking to a specific section of the page (`#checksum-calculation`);
* Making the specification a footnote instead of an inline link.

And finally, I think it's a good idea to also just duplicate the actual guidance here in the specification text as well (while still keeping the footnote linking to Refget), especially seeing it's just one sentence long:

> When calculating the checksum for a sequence, all non-base symbols (\n, spaces, etc) must be removed and then uppercase the rest. The allowed alphabet for checksum calculation is uppercase ASCII (`0x41`-`0x5A` or `A-Z`).

This makes things perfectly explicit while still keeping the provenance / alignment with where this guidance originally comes from.
